README.md, before:

# that-api-gateway

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-gateway/workflows/Push%20Master%20CI%20for%20Google%20Cloud%20Run/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-gateway/actions)

## Children

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Repository | Master Push CI |
| --- | --- |
| [that-api-events](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-events) | [![Actions Status](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-events/workflows/Push%20Master%20CI%20for%20Google%20Cloud%20Run/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-events/actions) |
| [that-api-members](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-members) | [![Actions Status](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-members/workflows/Push%20Master%20CI%20for%20Google%20Cloud%20Run/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-members/actions) |
| [that-api-partners](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-partners) | [![Actions Status](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-partners/workflows/Push%20Master%20CI%20for%20Cloud%20Run/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-partners/actions) |
| [that-api-sessions](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-sessions) | [![Actions Status](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-sessions/workflows/Push%20Master%20CI%20for%20Google%20Cloud%20Run/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-sessions/actions) |
| [that-api-garage](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-sessions) | [![Actions Status](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-garage/workflows/Push%20Master%20CI%20for%20Cloud%20Run/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-sessions/actions) |

## assumptions

## opinions

- ~~currently using GCP serverless functions framework to run the serverless function. it's just an http endpoint that could be deployed to any serverless function.~~
- 03/24/2020 - Moved primary api functions to Google Cloud Run

Commit message:

add communications api to gateway. Package bumps

README.md, after:

# that-api-gateway

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-gateway/workflows/Push%20Master%20CI%20for%20Google%20Cloud%20Run/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-gateway/actions)

## Children

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Repository | Master Push CI |
| --- | --- |
| [that-api-events](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-events) | [![Actions Status](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-events/workflows/Push%20Master%20CI%20for%20Google%20Cloud%20Run/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-events/actions) |
| [that-api-members](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-members) | [![Actions Status](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-members/workflows/Push%20Master%20CI%20for%20Google%20Cloud%20Run/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-members/actions) |
| [that-api-partners](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-partners) | [![Actions Status](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-partners/workflows/Push%20Master%20CI%20for%20Cloud%20Run/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-partners/actions) |
| [that-api-sessions](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-sessions) | [![Actions Status](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-sessions/workflows/Push%20Master%20CI%20for%20Google%20Cloud%20Run/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-sessions/actions) |
| [that-api-garage](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-sessions) | [![Actions Status](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-garage/workflows/Push%20Master%20CI%20for%20Cloud%20Run/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-sessions/actions) |
| [that-api-communications](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-communications) | [![Push Main CI for Cloud Run](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-communications/actions/workflows/pushMainCi_GRun.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ThatConference/that-api-communications/actions/workflows/pushMainCi_GRun.yml)|

## assumptions

## opinions

- ~~currently using GCP serverless functions framework to run the serverless function. it's just an http endpoint that could be deployed to any serverless function.~~
- 03/24/2020 - Moved primary api functions to Google Cloud Run
